Document new web-vitals attribution features (#8673)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/debug-web-vitals-in-the-field/index.md

will be the most common LCP candidate element for a particular page. You have to
measure it based on real-user behavior.

{% Aside %}
For more details on these differences, see: [Why lab and field data can be
different (and what to do about it)](/lab-and-field-data-differences/)
{% endAside %}

> 

Reviewer: Is it worth including a similar reference to https://web.dev/crux-and-rum-differences/ either here or elsewhere?

  entry for that script.
{% endAside %}

#### Identify the FID target element and event type

Additional potentially-useful debug signals are the element that was interacted
with as well as the type of interaction it was (such as `mousedown`, `keydown`,
`pointerdown`). While the interaction with the element itself does not
contribute to FID (remember FID is just the delay portion of the total event
latency), knowing which elements your users are interacting with may be useful
in determining how best to improve FID.

For example, if the vast majority of your user's first interactions are with a
particular element, consider inlining the JavaScript code needed for that
element in the HTML, and lazy loading the rest.

> To get the element associated with the first input event, you can reference the
> `first-input` entry's `target` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the element associated with the first input event, you can reference the
`first-input` entry's `target` and `name` properties:
```

Author: Thanks, updated myself to also reference the name on 301.
